have enough pricing is ringman great
wall back on it not today's Brook
sinners input they paid to the
assignment camera got a shuttle waste up
by Edmonds rebound clerk to the line
shark or a shot is a poorly coming up
tell the Prince George Cooter's Samburu
up will touch up and then we get a
course shake from Macklin I got him
books and they were gonna took are we
gonna peek mainly just him take the
picture wine whoops
his sweet huge Seth Godin just him
Sableye
he's taken the dipper cuts maybe is
fighting with drill up in the late civil
tell me chase it eaten his turn up
second time this year Ocoee fight they
dated
bitches oh up to 200 to go down there
still go about it just inside that world
wide they're tied up shocker
they end up going pouring punches as of
yet the licensed standing close to that
one my page is a right that just misses
hello I'm ball that came close to being
a gold center white blossom I call II
wanted to I wanted him do all IT admins
took a little convincing I don't know if
he actually saw Macaulay giving him the
signal and then when he did he started
to come out to just took a little too
long usually when they make it to them
when they make it to the goalie fight
they both book it down so the referee
can't get to him but they just kind of
sidle down the ice and the rest caught
edmonds and pulled them back while the
initial penalty was to the Bruce short
Coover so a wait and see Ellen targets I
think it might have been another one
coming to that cross-check back went
through on Adam Brooks that resulted in
the line brawl there is 1157 left in the
third the Pats are up seven and I think
and leaning in the westrom pizza shot
Glock 36 216 we're gonna take a break
while they clean up the ice service here
listening from people at hockey on 620
CK RM